Please stay away. You have suffered a lot over the years.
Maybe I just returned to my parents and didn’t want to get married.
But it's your luck that Zhou's company likes you.
There is no reason to refuse.
Dad, Mom, there's actually one thing I haven't told you.
i'm married
And I'm two months pregnant.
What? Said she was pregnant
My parents should be able to give up. I didn't tell you before
It's because I'm afraid you won't be able to accept my return.
So I thought I would tell you later
I didn't expect such a thing to happen. Why don't you want to say it?
How can I explain this to Mr. Zhou now?
If your career is successful
Back then you were wearing all the clothes
Was there a wedding before the previous marriage?
The prices there are not convenient
You are living a very difficult life, right?
Doesn’t he just have nothing?
Just to have a full meal?
Do you really care for such a man?
I think it’s good to have a full meal.
And he is very good to me
The more capable you are, the more superior you are.
So what do his parents do?
he has no parents
Then divorce this little boy